[Music]
you
[Applause]
[Music]
you
[Laughter]
[Music]
you
[Laughter]
[Music]
you
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
[Laughter]
No
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
[Laughter]
you
[Music]
[Laughter]
you
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
you're my zip code nine five or nine oh
well let's go where's my no one would
you got a letter babe
I
[Music]
I don't really I don't know like the
nuances on
I don't maybe lives in one place so I
really couldn't say right what mr. melih
we got mean like hunter Chad Chad wears
no more music stuff badly and it's like
how would I I guess I have to find some
crazy idea to like back that up I have
no idea if he wasn't asked it's like oh
well I have this impression of the scene
I think you got it three points of a
idiot I know it's like shows
I've seen it's like context
I think that why is it la is probably
the place to go
that's the thing that most of la sucks
I have heard that's how ya do you I keep
driving all the time I would have to in
LA how you driving all the time
there's better transit of the bed
but that promise the vein means you're
literally San Francisco like there's no
other jungle plays like you know
anywhere that's expensive
I mean la would probably be um you know
thinks that's it so spread out that you
could get you and your just drive like a
million dating hours a day I mean to say
it's different
[Music]
is there one thing that close the hole
there's no time oh is it this there's no
direction
no kids it's like that that's what yeah
oh yeah I don't know why wasn't I you
know I've been saying that for like four
years and every time I've said it like
my impulse Roger that's right no I know
that's okay no but that's not it either
cuz look when you breathe in it doesn't
feel like this really what do you think
it is what do you do what do you
hypothesizing that it is weird note well
I the years here's the problem when you
put a weed like this when it's linked
there you feel it like the air pressure
is no air but you but here you can still
breathe air also the height but well
where's that I don't know
[Music]
oh yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
so here's my hypothesis that there's a
bunch of other holes in there so that
when everything in there's like runner
holes completely here nope I still feel
it coming up through your thumb all
right is it just like yep is a very I
simply seem like a pipe Bowl is it
leaking they're like you're like it's
not this is not obstructing the airflow
at all for this thing if you cover this
I'm looking at produ pipe dude what the
is going on here dude these are
like a thing damn smoke eeeh
that's good I also know that's lutely
the one is it yes so this is wedgie
[Music]
that's us
it's so funny how like if I kept a lot
of arms race going on what do you mean
you like to get the most amount of like
I don't know
music you're saying what I guess it's
not true but I always find them I find
the best music is just as melodicas boss
yes hey there we got a dick I didn't
even play this out I did picture my feet
wait wait that's the wrong one because
it doesn't crop it oh yeah is that don't
make you do have one small word in the
middle of it would be cool will be cool
I think there's always been a lot
aspects noises doh
damn when you're saying the art behind
it no likely noise music noise always in
the histogram right the green I just
think it like but other noises it you
know honestly I'm just gonna go to bed
really I mean I'm so tired right now and
it's left you say goodnight but I want
to try it
[Music]
because it's like such a small like it's
barely zoomed in you could tell exactly
what it is all right you know thank you
yeah yeah you human you can tell it's
nice everybody don't show the logo oh
that's what makes it cool right it's
good I know it's nice right
I didn't I see that's what I think about
the like post analysis of your own work
it rights are valuable and you actually
realize that like that wisnicki wrote
music there's actually more worth it and
I always thought it was like kind of not
able to lean into that because I was
like yeah yeah but it's very valuable
cuz I now realize what what it is about
it that was initially like drawn to
subconsciously like I feel like learning
about your own process like kind of
reverse engineering it yeah as you
understand better your trajectory and
like what you've been like I don't know
like how you can how you can change it
and build upon it and like work on it so
that you can accomplish something more
creative afterwards make you like no
matter how I came here you know I feel
like you should lecture you really we're
lecturing right now to the to YouTube
you just you to twist I mean it's not
gonna ever leave the internet true so
and that's what's so funny it's like we
could be just dumb say some people
would still attach themselves to it and
then it's like are you good but it's the
fact that we are basically spamming the
Airways right but there's so much
there's so many airwaves yeah but the
fact that we have some
smarter every day the video YouTube we
exact same policy this only videos
awesome videos
[Music]
hardly any obviously in point
- a lot of these services screen is
Norway's ours so
were to decide so I just need it how
about we generate the noise we do it
ourselves without through box we're
basically making ourselves BOTS this is
these are all videos from the same
person
yeah but most likely because the same
script right everywhere but all I'm
saying to one country so I'm not
necessarily saying that us creepy above
other people think about this is a maybe
our output versus other people's output
and if we make enough stuff that we be
people not enough even had that
definitely guys keep making and
you're basically making yourself a lot
of creation so everything you do is are
uh I I'm thinking what doesn't work the
same because this is just like on uh
this is on a per video basis number
channel basis they're examples like okay
so hey I tried yourself my my intuition
I got none of them reach critical mass
this what I'm saying I guess you would
be like well then no but I mean you've
already I mean just by existing and
posting it like did we've already
determined chance can only go up though
right yeah right and I guess and like if
you then if you look at it like
and guess what I'm trying to maximize is
my the thing is like yep I have the most
amount of content compared to my peers
like and you know obviously I don't
share my music but this is like if I
have the most amount of content
continually coming out then I have the
most chances for engagement across the
internet whereas someone who's only
produced this much they may add like I
mean they might be hits right but that's
just his context that's not necessarily
like we're trying to isolate just output
as a measure of a particular age and I
think that if you just look at the
output of each one then it has to be
that you can have no network on thought
that'd be crazy
this is like just just I mean this isn't
something that we could easily do they
imagined that we had access to all of
music history and we wanted to be like
all right yeah every person who's ever
made music look how much work they've
done obviously there'll be some biases
their overall and then correlate I try
to do linear regression to see if
literally just taking all the data let
me hold it and thing I used to anybody
with text output predictor alright
all the composers had the internet I
don't know yeah
[Music]
because I
now we respected or whatever anyway I
think outside is the amount like
engineering philosophy you always know
how fast you're able to iterate if
you're able to continually do this you
can iterate quickly
take a break for two days I mean that's
still pretty irritating your poison that
I'm just saying that it will wrong if we
get results for lunch pillows you're
then looking my iterate twice otherwise
you was meaning the negative change in
your philosophy that was where you live
a long time and I think that much they
kind of don't them off and then ask you
you know that need for booster pretty
may be boarding yourself my dog I get
the breakthrough here a family prime
gives you on that ease it worked a few
girls look me a result is not easy but I
have no doubt this is the best way to
freedom I'll take it so yeah I
definitely like the idea of reaching out
he is already like Miss fan thing not
matter that correctly because the idea
that unit I mean just sourcing something
yeah right right
and also he the idea that only a certain
type of personality exactly I was really
annoying yeah he is used playing into it
really I was the funny video
I don't like a funny bit yeah alright be
dead by then watch a little bit of this
hot young shots of it it's like Oh often
you have an extra HDMI cable no no
you know why this is so it's so crazy to
like I wanna I wanna I wanna watch this
on here but then I don't like I don't
want to take this cable and move it to
this one because it'll take too long
it's not in just yet yeah alright it's
something not hi night it's like bird
versus camera or what the keyboard is
called this maybe
[Music]
now I never had
it's called a Mela is in your youtube
likes yeah probably
try a sign in did you have your fun okay
okay
I mean you'd sign now just because I
think it doesn't always get up I think
I'd like something I find it damn chick
versus off on the core yeah remember
when I was telling you how I would like
might want to get this you're like okay
is it don't yesteryear think of it this
way baby yet again motive and now I
don't know how we realized this and this
is our I well that's why you have it
yeah why is it always because your your
plug-in is making it faster
okay don't distract me I'll kill I'm
gonna get this right I just discovered a
night okay that distract me okay I'm
gonna get this right
okay seven minutes ago I know it has is
this and this alone will bring the truth
[Music]
- I like they never hearing it three
times that is right
let's come back tomorrow seven minutes
now realize that this and this alone
will bring this right
it comes complete with its original
packing so we're gonna have to apply
some mass for it
fortunately I have a tried and tested
trick on this layer which is basically
putting you know Maurice know a little
bit more importantly it's a pretty
unexpected bit two-sided you know the
resistance is the sneaky douche bag and
as a means of securing victory we're
doubling our chances with another
computer and slightly I heard is there
any other and sneaky douche bags out
there okay shut up now it's on I mean
that's still like 160 right yeah I'm
gonna hunt you what do I hear us well
what doesn't it - it is if thank you
more appropriate just say anything
well you know I will ask you to say and
the sausage selection of accompanying
drum beats including Foxtrot
[Music]
behold we hope people oh my god what a
piece of crap upon inspecting the
futuristic in its two issues became the
first was a rusty
[Music]
where's buddy sent us out major minor
stuff I know it makes it really just for
a second if you connect with this that
way you wouldn't be able to like leave
you under that if now your son's
understand there are other dope right
Georgia have that mention is just like
venture just having the hottest room to
look
if she starts colossal that's the that's
the thing about again that little box
truck
[Music]
why is he deokman spots
this dude how I found out about this
thing was this dude it's the band
advanced to be knows that that's the
bird yeah I guess the virtus damn chick
is advanced space ants
ace George Hotz it's coming it's coming
if you looks like it's all that like
yeah it's like it I mean they dug those
all look the same you just click one of
the shirt cuz they're all different
lengths right you got the hierarchy of
Lang do you pick the three yeah but
that's why I know this song but I'm just
not sure if he's at the Omni chord in
this video but I've seen him
yeah it's right here this is like evil
story visit playing right now I just
when did they have I don't know buddy's
not wait for you
further do it so as we gather just
president roslin misty press applause -
supposed to be President
songs are beautiful
an amazing song and
it just be that it's running or do you
have any see isn't that boy
you gotta hey God you gotta get you
gotta get something source of memory to
do a little work with digital yeah dudes
gotta be digital but have you considered
I'm making a poll cheytac I should take
Matt you see the same with you though
yeah Matt is gonna side with me who do I
know people look people and people I
don't know great at one you voted for
anything else
yeah of course here
[Music]
[Laughter]
I'm a fan of all stability people sue us
[Music]
do you really just use it in there with
popkins
[Music]
that's actually yeah we kind of he goes
quite real quick if we got a talk out
there I was really surprised didn't ask
my parents a pretty small suburban give
me this omnichord out oh wait I
see action on the omnichord
that was a dream Constance
we're gonna simulate in some deep all
right there that is something here for
sure undoubtedly just a little at the
end
I just make it up up well Isis may get a
poll on us in the app i assuming it Wow
but now it's gonna be all right no but
won't it be online
won't it be on my like page then because
if I posted on your wallet that that I
don't have to see it online because I
don't want to be good here but you don't
want to see up your own wall as we yeah
why because I don't even wanna make just
like because I don't have that much
stuff like anything a player
[Music]
yeah I don't like evil eyes on a father
I have
imagine I would give
that's over
[Music]
showing your life yet
just just as I got you
[Music]
maybe
you can too
but it's like organic it's all about
labor like exercise
[Music]
I use the complain
this is mr. hot
[Music]
right
that's my man listen we also miss it
also require more journey and talk to us
as the colonel is memory system is
really the second David Ayer this
Lamartine item is it this act for a
little bit kind of waited now also have
to have you told you I think it's the
brunettes and what does have a Facebook
so it may be just in case you haven't
made your honor and we created a lot of
us are not a place we already know this
house and creator so if you were inside
with us was really really the scenario
times with Mario's do the correct
hypothesis nor say they can be saving
listen Erin our girls is like this is
not even created I work for appropriate
that's what maybe all of it now as
all right guys is it gonna cost your
honor this is probably much more likely
really boils on how old is your soul is
on your own this is what I say this on a
tree it's called a lot more nothing
wrong with your treatment first reading
noise that the simulation hypothesis
applies to me this isn't some
hypothetical weird game that's being
played here is it actually my life that
means I actually
[Music]
exactly this is it answer any questions
it would be is I think as we possibly
talked about this tightly stopping
points right you have the Buddhist
person okay let's work you do hee hee
and the real story is like he actually
like UT and he did all these
lives he understood the content thing he
watched all his coding stuff why isn't
it my music
what do you see this awesome in your
creation processes need to be kept under
wraps
I guess it's just like having the
foresight to know like I feel like if I
sit down in front of like a camera I'm
be like I'm gonna come up with something
creative I'm gonna come up here without
it before I'm not a part from like not
intent yeah not with the intent like and
I feel like did you shoot a little yes
and you get a toy it's just you know
know if I'm messing with the Delta it's
all that these derivatives are changing
you're like if you can change faster
than other people change you
exactly I won't get its place I was kind
of thinking about yeah yeah I think I'll
just be like oh jamming early two hours
no exactly catch me jamming yeah and
then the boys will be in a tizzy like
what like where will you be and it'll
immerse the country in the context it
yeah vegetable yeah
[Music]
well like in once he graduates yeah but
in Croatia Croatia
maybe I can about 260 48 even the Zach
I'm just trying to get he stays on the
first ball and now another capitalized
no no no she gave you this twice or do
you really is he an analogue I have no
idea at all
yeah I mean all I know about him is he's
like very political or like a bit like
Poli Sci that's more or less what I know
about him - I've never seen poor home
like we've we've chilled a few times
yeah it's just I've never gotten to the
nitty-gritty right right and this is he
doesn't come in the house mm-hmm that's
true
what am i you know exactly what we
actually try to find out no HR oh yeah
oh yeah that was or a normal human
and because no Google has a uniform
length look like their careers thing is
that yeah you gotta go to this page huh
it has all the jobs this honestly HR HR
the tech I mean do you really rather
cold call me I mean well yeah but I feel
like tech tech HR Khan pays better
probably if you had if you said you guys
like like yeah I'm not willing to see
this guy but I'm getting into it like
wow yeah that would definitely because
HR is definitely something you're gonna
automate like the cases the you know
like there's a lot of statistical
analysis it's like how bad incidents
were like all these things like the the
friction between things there's so many
things you could do that you make Mad
Mike and then you be like a jar of
machine learning
like 400k of mine uh yeah that would be
insane but I mean you can adopt that
role at Google because they want people
to transition into those roles usually I
definitely don't know the great to
Google though I'd have to work for it
like yeah do my demise Eve is I don't
know what is it two point six mice
barely higher than that dude really I'm
not like a maybe two point eight on a
good day like you per said what see what
happens this court this Court is easy
there you have time to I've solidified
yeah this is my GPA did that so buddy
this like like a super this is not about
I know it was just that he consents to
come up to 100 made some music there we
to do it so alrighty I must save the
Abelson father
well you but we didn't really make any
full do you mean that the main thing was
that fresh person I can you pull out
that first thing yeah so it's only I'm
finally so I'm speaking of it
or even not wait one more oh I thought
where we can't do house I said if we try
fresh is a pendant that we got see
that's the problem is that most likely
isn't it we're never gonna we're gonna
be that's why exporting is so dope
because then you hate for it then you at
least cable is how big they like it's
that easy access yeah and when I like
expert alike I will listen to it like
exactly a guaranteed a few times exactly
it's like Becky is that it's a chemical
reaction a little bit of activation
energy to doing the work to export it
even if it's trash even the worries on
but then you have this easy to get to so
you took thinking about what you were
doing before and how to evolve on it how
to iterate on what do you like in it
what do you did not like oh I'm going to
close the stream out on that we're
geniuses dude obviously should
be streaming our thoughts yeah I know
don't learn today y'all learn today to
do neural networks you actually it would
be